hey guys what's up tricks here and I'm
gonna be showing you how to install and
successfully play adventure craft a lot
of people have been having trouble with
the SWT jar file this file right here
it's not been working or it's giving you
an error what you're gonna want to do is
just take it dump it in the trash you
don't need anymore
if you don't know how to download the
adventure craft I'll have the link right
here it's this link right here and once
you open it it's a forum so you're gonna
want to scroll like halfway down and
you'll and right after the adventure
craft and right before the comments
it'll have a download and you're gonna
have to download it I already have it
downloaded right here so we don't need
that but we'll have it downloaded anyway
so the next thing you're gonna want to
download is you know go to this page
right here it's a drop box so it'll
automatically start downloading and it's
a SWT fix I'll have the link for this in
the description and then drag it to your
desktop and it'll have a reading which
doesn't really matter and this which is
how you're gonna start working so you're
just gonna take it and place it in here
you're gonna want to replace it and
everything and then all you're gonna
have to do is open adventure craft and
it's because it is downloaded from the
internet it will give you a warning but
it doesn't have a virus or anything it's
just a warning to let you know that it's
downloaded from internet so what this is
installed via login and install we're
gonna want to click this and of course
you're gonna have to sign in which is
normal because you're going to want to
use a username or a account to play
because you need an account for so it'll
say install via login and then also
progress
and then say finish installment so once
that says just click ok and just click
start and it'll open this it's not your
minecraft it's a whole new fire it's it
has nothing to do with your regular
minecraft but you do need to have your
regular minecraft clothes when you play
this there are a lot of options you
could load a save which you've already
played you could create a new world
these are the two given ones you could
make your own map and you could download
a map the first map I download which is
an awesome map is the zelda adventure so
to download maps it's really easy you
just have to click on it and it'll
download automatically for you and this
will take a view like seconds or about a
minute because it is a big file and it
is have them to do it is like completely
different and it is so cool it's just
phenomenal how you could play this and
really is really cool so once this
downloads you're gonna want to go to a
new save and like we did before you're
just gonna choose the map that you want
to play so it'll say 53 and it'll just
close and I'll say loading level
building terrain and it'll automatically
bring you to the game so this is the map
itself and this is just saying like this
is Zelda and she's talking I don't know
if you can hear probably can't
yeah and you can't break anything I
could stand here all day and do this you
won't be able to break any sense you
can't you can jump and it has cool music
that comes along with it too so if you
guys want me to do a series of Let's
Plays like this there's all different
types of maps and stuff that you could
play and test I will do that if you guys
want me to if you guys still want me to
just comment in the description saying
that you want me to do that you don't
want me to and if you guys enjoyed the
video please give it a thumbs up write
it tell me what you if you liked it
tell me why you liked it if you didn't
like it tell me why you didn't like it
subscribe and I hope hope to see you
guys coming in and reviewing my next
videos thanks peace